Machine learning and predictive analytics work to pinpoint fraud red flags and proactively detect suspicious fraud schemes.A search-based, graphical user interface is provided to investigators for analysis and evidence documentation.The big data architecture enables the insurance agencys fraud detection effort to be more scalable, faster, and more accurate.Yes, wow thats amazing.Yes, I agree, I'm working on itOutside of the insurance industry, the same big data framework can work with all types of log data to enable better security, fraud detection, compliance, and business intelligence.Yes, thats great. I am glad you told us about this.An artificial neural network is a network or circuit of neurons, or in a modern sense, an artificial neural network, composed of artificial neurons or nodes.It is pretty impressive.These artificial networks may be used for predictive modeling, adaptive control and applications where they can be trained via a dataset.Self-learning resulting from experience can occur within networks, which can derive conclusions from a complex and seemingly unrelated set of information.In most cases an nueral network is an adaptive system that changes its structure based on external or internal information that flows through the network.<@U16RLTH3N>: !!!!!!!!!!Clearly.Yep, I like this.In more practical terms artificial neural networks are non-linear statistical data modeling or decision making tools.They can be used to model complex relationships between inputs and outputs or to find patterns in data.Thanks Alex. We think that this finding makes several contributions and has obvious familial implications.One classical type of artificial neural network is the recurrent Hopfield network.The concept of an artificial neural network appears to have first been proposed by Alan Turing in his 1948 paper Intelligent Machinery.The utility of artificial neural network models lies in the fact that they can be used to infer a function from observations and also to use it.Unsupervised neural networks can also be used to learn representations of the input that capture the salient characteristics of the input distribution.Neural networks can be used in different fields.That seems the norm<@U16TY5M6F>: can we use any of this data to build the IRT ranking model?Probably. What's the underlying concept?<@U1CCHNQ3V>: Where you at bro? In SD this week, so is Chris, so is Micah. Sup with it?<@U16RLTH3N>: I need to download the app on my phone so I get these messages instantly. But I'm gonna get some drinks with <@U16RAECF5>Hey <@U16RAECF5> and <@U1CCHNQ3V>: Try this out for a recommendation when you get your beers. The story about how it was made is linked, and the recommender is at the bottom of the linked page. <http://willnetsky.github.io/Beer-Recommender/>Its a pretty simple recommender -- seems to just key on most descriptive word. This is a little tough, because while there are a lot of nerds who rate beer, there are a lot of bros who know like 4 beer words: “dank”, “fruit”, “sour”, ... . And, this sort of mainlines the recommendations. I think a little filtering would help clean this up.Also, some rankings.Checked it out. I'm into it.Theoretical and computational neuroscience is the field concerned with the theoretical analysis and computational modeling of biological neural systems.The aim of the field is to create models of biological neural systems in order to understand how biological systems work.I bet he will share back his completed documents, too?<@U16RY7PR6>: <@U16RLTH3N> <@U16RAECF5> and I would be happy to share the completed documents<@U16RLTH3N>: <@U16RAECF5> <@U1CCHNQ3V> Totally! I have a folder full of IRBs and you are welcome to any of them. I think that one that MR_WHITE has probably contains the sharpest language.<@U1CCHNQ3V>: I just uploaded the doc I’m sending to Berkelye.On helping people understand the value of experimental research: I've been thinking a lot about the push back that MR_WHITE and I got in designing a useful intervention. Today again I was talking to someone who has the opportunity to learn about a program's effectiveness, but instead is waving their hands talking nonsense. Has anyone seen a good attempt at explaining the value of experimental research to a non-technical audience?<@U16RAECF5>: Unfortunately, no. I looked for something like this when I was reviewing a proposal for the National Opinion Research Center but couldn’t find anything like it. The proposed intervention was sooooooooooooooooo bad.<@U16RAECF5>: Also, I’m working out responses to your emails. One of them is almost perfectly in line with something that I just spoke with Matt Golder about earlier today. It was like you read my mind. Spooky.Despite India’s impressive economic progress, its dysfunctional public health system continues to pose a grave threat to the health of Indian patients.Really? Is it that bad?India has a large population of about 1.2 billion people and the resources are not distributed adequately among the population.The country’s thriving private healthcare industry serves the wealthy and a growing middle class.Yes, that is so sad and scary.Most of the population relies on the country’s overstretched and underfunded public health system.In response to the growing public healthcare problem, the Indian government is planning to allocate more state funds for public hospital renovations.These improvements will aim to increase the number of hospital beds, obtain sufficient medical supplies, and create proper waiting rooms.Some authors have described the big modern day hospitals as monuments to disease.Yep.The fact is that public hospitals have become increasingly detached from the larger context in which medicine operates.Hey have anybody watched Atypical, on Netflix?Yeahh, Atypical is a coming-of-age television series created by Robia Rashid for Netflix, it focuses on the life of 18-year-old Sam Gardner (Keir Gilchrist), who has autism spectrum disorder.Sam Gardner, an 18-year-old from Connecticut with autism, announces that he wants to start dating girls.Sam father, Doug, has struggled to connect with Sam and is thrilled when Sam approaches him for advice.While Sam is on his funny yet emotional journey of self-discovery, the rest of his family must grapple with change in their own lives as they all struggle with the central theme: what does it really mean to be normal?.Yes, wow this sounds like an azming show, I am definetly watching it tonight.Netflix's initial business model included DVD sales and rental by mail, but Hastings abandoned the sales about a year after the company's founding to focus on the initial DVD rental business.ok. i'm going to look into bringing someone on who might take care of these tasks. will get back to the group when I hear.The name software is pretty good these days, but we can know (by querying @nk in the the other channel) where it is specifically. He was on the team at IBM that wrote some of the name \rightarrow ethnicity software that IBM uses.Anyone have 2 minutes to talk about blocking and matching as a way to get at a heterogeneous treatment effect. I’m spinning my wheels now.OK - Jason S., new in Pol. Sci. at UGA, formerly at Berkeley, informs me that his facial recognition tool is ready to go, and could turn profile or other photos into an estimate of the race of state leg.s, and also a distance metric relative to a racial category. I think this would be a very straightforward, solid publication. I'll be meeting with him in a couple of weeks to talk through the specifics. In the meantime, if folks on the team could think about how we might get the photos together, that would be helpful.Here is something for the Congress, which we probably already knew existed? <https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=GPO&amp;browsePath=Congressional+Pictorial+Directory>I’m asking my research librarian if he knows of other such resources. One possibility is the Congressional YellowBook.<@U16RAECF5>: You want to change our legal status to domestic partner so we can both apply at UT? That way one of us can get the spouse hire for the other?I do.Ok. But I cook better than I wash dishes, just so we know what the trade-off is.IIA. Btw, I think we do know about the photobook bc. some hngers were doing a project. The win here would be to get race for state leg.s, bc. there is a really valuable observational part. We can wrap that into the secondary analysis of the experiment, and together with the data and the tool, we have a fucking phatty pub.I’ll let you know what is out there when my librarian gets back with me. If Leadership Directories has put it together for us already, it would be _the_ dope.(BTW: I don’t know what IIA is...)Also, ask and you shall receive. I bring forth the data, or at least a demonstration that we can has the data.The question I continue to have is, what we’re pointing this variable at. We can’t assess electoral consequences of this unless we undertake the _bonkers_ task of finding a standardized picture of every candidate for office that lost.That shit jus aint gonna happen.So, we’re left with a bunch of unobserved selection into office, then a classifier that tells us something that we might already know (since we have that data series from these Quorum folks), and ...OK. first response, there is a kid at Berkely who has put something together: <http://www.christiandphillips.com/research-1/> From his website - "...new data containing district and candidate demographic information for every state legislative general election from 1996-2015". So we would be generating a competing data set, using a different approach. <@U16RLTH3N>, the answer to your question is very simple. This is an HTE that people care about. Period. That's what gets published in pol sci journals. If we don't do this follow up, somebody else will.Do we know how Christian sourced his data? Is there benefit to be had in a dataset (just as a dataset) that is produced in a different fashion, that covers 10% of an existing data set? To me, the data _qua_ data contribution here feels a little slender, especially if someone else already has it. _Adding_ the skin-tone based racial assessment makes it a bit more sexy, but I don’t think it overcomes the hurdle that this fellow has the drop on us.Having the data for our own purposes, to test the HTE, to me feels like a good justification. And I think you’re right that we should look at this either in this paper, or in a followup paper to this experiment.Does anybody have an in either at Pew or the NCSL? I wonder because they’ve published a _Stateline_ series, which at least has the ethnicity data that MR_BROWN and MR_ORANGE were thinking about. I’ve been warned that if I scrape the data from the group that I had posted about last week, that the group would shut down campus access and I would be persona non grata.<@U16RY7PR6> and <@U16TY5M6F> I’ll be in A2 Monday October 3. Let me know if you’re available and we can work on some of this boondoggle in person again.<@U16RLTH3N> I’m available all day except from 12-3. It’d be great to get together.Woot! Maybe in the morning? I haven’t been on campus in Ann Arbor in a while...Totally! Do you have a place to stay?<!channel>: One of my co-authors is building a topic classifier that is functioning on Slack data. I want to export this and give it to the student/co-author.Would this make you sad? Would this violate your rights? Would this give away trade secrets?