However, they suggest that COVID-19 is more deadly than influenza. For example, seasonal influenza typically leads to death in less than 0.1% of cases.
Still, the simplicity is attractive. Plus, I always wanted to do a GOTV experiment.
When testing becomes easier and more widespread, health experts will have a more accurate insight into the exact number of severe cases and deaths.
Lets hope we overcome this pandemic soon enough.
Yes, thank you for these great insights.
Wow; that study you linked to is great.
(Congrats on being so close!)
Yeah
Hey have do you know anything about fraud detection using the big data analytics techniques?
Yes!
In highly regulated sectors like financial, healthcare, insurance, retail, and social security, combating fraud is essential as there is a multitude of compliance, regulations, risk management measures, and monetary consequences to be dealt with.
Sweet.
In a world where transactions and documents are digitally recorded in one way or another, evidence is out there to aid investigators in the battle against damaging fraudulent schemes.
This looks awesome! Tell me more.
Hey <@U16RAECF5>.
Given the vast amount of data that our investigators need to sift through to find fraudulent patterns, an integrated big data and search architecture emerged as the most feasible approach.
Public data, such as providers' information, codes for healthcare procedures, etc., is aggregated and processed through the big data framework, which performs massive denormalization to distribute data into multiple tables and fields.
The processed data is then loaded into a search engine.
Machine learning and predictive analytics work to pinpoint fraud red flags and proactively detect suspicious fraud schemes.
A search-based, graphical user interface is provided to investigators for analysis and evidence documentation.
The big data architecture enables the insurance agencys fraud detection effort to be more scalable, faster, and more accurate.
Yes, wow thats amazing.
Yes, I agree, I'm working on it.
Outside of the insurance industry, the same big data framework can work with all types of log data to enable better security, fraud detection, compliance, and business intelligence.
Yes, thats great. I am glad you told us about this.
An artificial neural network is a network or circuit of neurons, or in a modern sense, an artificial neural network, composed of artificial neurons or nodes.
Yes, thats great. I am glad you told us about this.
An artificial neural network is a network or circuit of neurons, or in a modern sense, an artificial neural network, composed of artificial neurons or nodes.
It is pretty impressive.
These artificial networks may be used for predictive modeling, adaptive control and applications where they can be trained via a dataset.
Self-learning resulting from experience can occur within networks, which can derive conclusions from a complex and seemingly unrelated set of information.
In most cases an nueral network is an adaptive system that changes its structure based on external or internal information that flows through the network.
Clearly.
Yep, I like this.
In more practical terms artificial neural networks are non-linear statistical data modeling or decision making tools.
They can be used to model complex relationships between inputs and outputs or to find patterns in data.
Thanks Alex. We think that this finding makes several contributions and has obvious familial implications.
