Hey have anybody watched Atypical, on Netflix?
Yeahh, Atypical is a coming-of-age television series created by Robia Rashid for Netflix, it focuses on the life of 18-year-old Sam Gardner (Keir Gilchrist), who has autism spectrum disorder.
Sam Gardner, an 18-year-old from Connecticut with autism, announces that he wants to start dating girls.
Sam father, Doug, has struggled to connect with Sam and is thrilled when Sam approaches him for advice.
While Sam is on his funny yet emotional journey of self-discovery, the rest of his family must grapple with change in their own lives as they all struggle with the central theme: what does it really mean to be normal?.
Yes, wow this sounds like an azming show, I am definetly watching it tonight.
Netflix's initial business model included DVD sales and rental by mail, but Hastings abandoned the sales about a year after the company's founding to focus on the initial DVD rental business.
ok. i'm going to look into bringing someone on who might take care of these tasks. will get back to the group when I hear.
The name software is pretty good these days, but we can know where it is specifically. He was on the team at IBM that wrote some of the name ethnicity software that IBM uses.
Anyone have 2 minutes to talk about blocking and matching as a way to get at a heterogeneous treatment effect. I am spinning my wheels now.
OK - Jason S., new in Pol. Sci. at UGA, formerly at Berkeley, informs me that his facial recognition tool is ready to go, and could turn profile or other photos into an estimate of the race of state leg.s, and also a distance metric relative to a racial category. I think this would be a very straightforward, solid publication. I'll be meeting with him in a couple of weeks to talk through the specifics. In the meantime, if folks on the team could think about how we might get the photos together, that would be helpful.
Here is something for the Congress, which we probably already knew existed?
You want to change our legal status to domestic partner so we can both apply at UT? That way one of us can get the spouse hire for the other?
I do.
Ok. But I cook better than I wash dishes, just so we know what the trade-off is.
I will let you know what is out there when my librarian gets back with me. If Leadership Directories has put it together for us already, it would be amazing.
Also, ask and you shall receive. I bring forth the data, or at least a demonstration that we can has the data.
The question I continue to have is, what we are pointing this variable at. We cannot assess the electoral consequences of this unless we undertake the bonkers task of finding a standardized picture of every candidate for office that lost.
So, we are left with a bunch of unobserved selection into office, then a classifier that tells us something that we might already know (since we have that data series from these Quorum folks).
OK. first response, there is a kid at Berkely who has put something together, new data containing district and candidate demographic information for every state legislative general election from 1996-2015". So we would be generating a competing data set, using a different approach. The answer to your question is very simple. This is an HTE that people care about. Period. That's what gets published in pol sci journals. If we don't do this follow up, somebody else will.
Do we know how Christian sourced his data? Is there a benefit to be had in a dataset (just as a dataset) that is produced in a different fashion, that covers 10% of an existing data set? To me, the data _qua_ data contribution here feels a little slender, especially if someone else already has it.
Having the data for our own purposes, to test the HTE, to me feels like a good justification. And I think you are right that we should look at this either in this paper, or in a followup paper to this experiment.
Does anybody have an in either at Pew or the NCSL? I wonder because they\u2019ve published a _Stateline_ series, which at least has the ethnicity data that MR_BROWN and MR_ORANGE were thinking about. I\u2019ve been warned that if I scrape the data from the group that I had posted about last week, that the group would shut down campus access and I would be persona non grata.
One of my co-authors is building a topic classifier that is functioning on Slack data. I want to export this and give it to the student co-author.
Would this make you sad? Would this violate your rights? Would this give away trade secrets?
