i
Hey you know The Haunting of Hill House is an American anthology supernatural horror drama web television series created and directed by Mike Flanagan, and produced by Amblin Television and Paramount Television, for Netflix.
The plot alternates between two timelines, following five adult siblings whose paranormal experiences at Hill House continue to haunt them in the present day, and flashbacks depicting events leading up to the eventful night in 1992 when the family fled from the mansion.
The Haunting of Hill House received critical acclaim, particularly for its acting, directing and production values, with many calling it an effective ghost story.
A second season with a different story and characters, titled The Haunting of Bly Manor and based on the 1898 novella The Turn of the Screw by Henry James, is set to be released in 2020.
Flashing between past and present, a fractured family confronts haunting memories of their old home and the terrifying events that drove them from it.
So this series has 10 episodes, each episode exploring the different members of the Crain families.
The family must finally confront the ghosts of their past, some of which still lurk in their minds while others may actually be stalking the shadows of Hill House.
This series is an amazing watch, I really loved it.
Ok, I will try it.
I want to talk about the coming elections in the US.
The 2020 United States presidential election is scheduled for Tuesday, November 3, 2020, it will be the 59th quadrennial presidential election.
Voters will select presidential electors who in turn will vote on December 14, 2020,[2] to either elect a new president and vice president or reelect the incumbents Trump and Mike Pence respectively.
Trump, the 45th and incumbent president, has launched a re-election campaign for the Republican primaries; several state Republican Party organizations have canceled their primaries in a show of support for his candidacy.
Trump became the presumptive Republican nominee on March 17, 2020, after securing a majority of pledged delegates.
Joe Biden became the presumptive Democratic nominee when Senator Bernie Sanders, the only other remaining major candidate in the Democratic primary, suspended his campaign on April 8, 2020.
Trump and Joe Biden are respectively the oldest and second-oldest major party presumptive presidential nominees in U.S. history;[b] and if either of them is elected and inaugurated, they will also become the oldest serving president presuming they serve out their term.
I hope Trump loses. I cannot imagine Trump running America again, If that happenens, America is definetly doomed.
Yep, I agree.
